Hello everyone thank you for being interested in watching my interview video
My name is Alfiya and I am 36 years old.
I was born and raised in Uzbekistan and moved to the USA in 2014 through the DV-lottery 
programm
I have graduated from Tashkent State Economic University in 2007 with bachelor degree as a 
Financial Analyst
I started off my career as a Financial Analyst 11 years ago with Asaka bank in Tashkent city
where I performed full-cycle accounting duties, month-end close procedures and assisted with 
budgeting and forecasting on a monthly basis.
Asaka bank was the first place where I was able to perform my skils not only as a Financial 
specialist but also as a web-desiner. There I have created the very first simple presentation
page for the Bank.
That was the point when my addiction to information technologies has started.
In couple years I got a job offer from Infocom.UZ magazin editorial office. It's the magazin
about latest news from the world of informational technologies of Uzbekistan and near by
countries.
I was managing, leading and coordinating the tasks of the designers, editors, 
printing managers, web-desiners and etc. There I performed duties of planning and preparing content, which
included design, page layout and text edition and then I have sent and controled the process of
production, Printing, and Distribution of the ready product. 
That was the place where I improved my skills in Adobe Photoshop, Page Stream and HTML and in addition I got professional skills as a leader.
That how my IT carreer has started


The skills and qualifications I possess are a great match for the requirements for this position.
I am a very responsible person and never give up.  
In particular, my communication and leadership skills make me a great candidate for the job. In the past 
I have an experience of leading the team of more than 10 employees and created a new communication 
system that increased productivity by 15% over the course of three months. I'm confident that I can 
bring this type of success to this position.
I know that you are seeking a self-motivated individual for this job, and I am that candidate. I always
learn and i am trying to be on the pace with the newest events. 
In addition having finincial Analystic skills can be helpful in decreasing some expenses and plunning
more effective budget.

